[JavaScript] Create definition for let keyword (#95)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/reference/keywords/let.md

# `let`

> The `let` keyword declares a block scoped local [variable](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Variable), optionally initializing it to a value.

Reviewer: This should link to _our_ variable reference (abstract, in `/reference`) OR create `variable.md` in `/**/javascript/reference/info`.

```javascript
let arrow;
arrow = "->";

// or

let arrow = "->";
```

> Variables declared using the `let` keyword have [scope](../info/scope.md) in the block in which they are defined, and any contained sub-blocks. The main difference between `let` and [`var`](var.md) is that the scope of `var` is the entire function in which it was declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables declared using the `let` keyword have [scope][reference-scope] in the block in which they are defined, and any contained sub-blocks. The main difference between `let` and [`var`][keyword-var] is that the scope of `var` is the entire function in which it was declared.
```

Then, at the bottom of this file add:

```markdown
[keyword-var]: ./var.md
[reference-scope]: ../info/scope.md
[reference-temporal-dead-zone]: ../info/scope.md#temporal-dead-zone
```

```javascript
function bob() {
  {
    let name = "Bob";
  }
  console.log(name); // Variable name is undefined
}
```

```javascript
function steve() {
  {
    var name = "Steve";
  }
  console.log(name); // Variable name is defined, as "Steve"
}
```

> The value held by a variable declared using `let` can only be referenced *after* it has been defined. This is known as the [Temporal Dead Zone](../info/scope.md#temporal-dead-zone).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value held by a variable declared using `let` can only be referenced *after* it has been defined. This is known as the [Temporal Dead Zone][reference-temporal-dead-zone]
```

# `let`

The `let` keyword declares a block scoped local [variable][concept-variable], optionally initializing it to a value.
```javascript
let arrow;
arrow = "->";

// or

let arrow = "->";
```

Variables declared using the `let` keyword have [scope][concept-scope] in the block in which they are defined, and any contained sub-blocks. The main difference between `let` and [`var`][keyword-var] is that the scope of `var` is the entire function in which it was declared.
```javascript
function bob() {
  {
    let name = "Bob";
  }
  console.log(name); // Variable name is undefined
}
```

```javascript
function steve() {
  {
    var name = "Steve";
  }
  console.log(name); // Variable name is defined, as "Steve"
}
```

The value held by a variable declared using `let` can only be referenced *after* it has been defined. This is known as the [Temporal Dead Zone][concept-temporal-dead-zone].

> [keyword-var][./var.md]

Reviewer: This isn't a working format. You can check this by pressing the preview button on this file :)

It should be

```suggestion
[keyword-var]: ./var.md
```

Author: Damn, that format always gets me. I keep doing it wrong!
